reword some mentions of Azure and GCP around MST (#2540)
timescale/docs: _partials/_cloud-mst-comparison.md

  type="cloud"
  header="Timescale or Managed Service for TimescaleDB?"
>

> Looking for Timescale documentation? Built and exclusively operated by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking for instructions to start using Timescale? Built and exclusively operated by
```
